README.md, before:

# WDI Portfolio - Week 1

*Portfolio Requirements for Week 1*

## Goal

We're going to begin designing what you want your personal portfolio website to look like. You will wireframe out each page of your portfolio.

## Deliverables

> *Note*: We only expect you to create **one** page for your portfolio but may split up one into multiple!

- Photos of physical wireframes created for your website
- Should create a wireframe for each individual page
- Description of why you designed the layout the way you did
- Basic HTML/CSS creation of your wireframes (this does not have to be perfect)

## Content

- Your website should have a consistent feel and style
- A `<header>` containing:
  - `<h1>` - You should have a header with your name and/or logo (or branding information)
  - `<h2>` - A personal elevator pitch about yourself as a sub-header
- A `<nav>` element for navigation
  - `<a>` to each page on your portfolio
- Portfolio Content
  - At least **two** columns containing:
  - An `<section` > `<article>` design that will list four projects
  - Lorem ipsum text of your choosing to fill this out for now
  - A sidebar with resources, links, etc to resources your enjoy
- A `<footer>` containing:
  - `&copy` right information 
  - `<a>` to email you (use `mailto:my@somewhere.net`)

## Get Creative

- Use colour!
- Stick to no more than 2 fonts
- Add images!
- Research CSS attributes!

Commit message:

first draft of portfolio page

README.md, after:


- The entire portfolio is one page that you can scroll through.
	- The "landing page" is the intro (from wireframes) and will fill the screen when someone links to the page.
	- The nave buton will jump to one of the sections (these can also be accessed via scrolling.)
	- I want to keep it all to one page to emulate the one to two page paper resume.
	- Color Palette
		-Browns
		-maybe some greens
	- about/sampled work contact buttons will change color when you hover over them.


# WDI Portfolio - Week 1

*Portfolio Requirements for Week 1*

## Goal

We're going to begin designing what you want your personal portfolio website to look like. You will wireframe out each page of your portfolio.

## Deliverables

> *Note*: We only expect you to create **one** page for your portfolio but may split up one into multiple!

- Photos of physical wireframes created for your website
- Should create a wireframe for each individual page
- Description of why you designed the layout the way you did
- Basic HTML/CSS creation of your wireframes (this does not have to be perfect)

## Content

- Your website should have a consistent feel and style
- A `<header>` containing:
  - `<h1>` - You should have a header with your name and/or logo (or branding information)
  - `<h2>` - A personal elevator pitch about yourself as a sub-header
- A `<nav>` element for navigation
  - `<a>` to each page on your portfolio
- Portfolio Content
  - At least **two** columns containing:
  - An `<section` > `<article>` design that will list four projects
  - Lorem ipsum text of your choosing to fill this out for now
  - A sidebar with resources, links, etc to resources your enjoy
- A `<footer>` containing:
  - `&copy` right information 
  - `<a>` to email you (use `mailto:my@somewhere.net`)

## Get Creative

- Use colour!
- Stick to no more than 2 fonts
- Add images!
- Research CSS attributes!
